Added EXPERIMENTAL_Table features docs (#1025)
vtex/styleguide: react/components/EXPERIMENTAL_Table/README.md

;<VisibilityExample />
```

# Features

<div className="center mw7 pv6">

>   ![](./table.png)

Reviewer: this table is updated?

</div>

## Toolbar

> The toolbar is a bundle of features, including search input, autocomplete, columns visibility toggler, density controls, import and export buttons, extra actions menu using ActionMenu component and a newLine button to help with entry creation (you can see the illustrative diagram in the begining of the page for a better visualization of this structure)

Reviewer: Please, run the [grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com/) at the docs. There are some typos that can be fixed.

#### InputSearch

- A wrapper around `InputSearch` component. The props are the same.

#### InputAutocomplete

- A wrapper around `AutocompleteInput` component. The props are the same.

#### Button Group

Represents the group of buttons located at the right. It has other composites that are described down below.

##### Columns

- A button that toggles columns visibility.

> - It is recommended to combine it with the `useTableVisiblitity` hook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It should be used with the `useTableVisibility` hook.
```
Would be great if styleguidist allowed to link sections of the same file :/

Author: You can achieve visibility without using the hook, actually :)

##### Density

- A button that changes the row's density.
- It is recommended to combine it with the `useTableMeasures` hook.

```ts
enum Alignment {
  Left = 'left',
  Right = 'right',
}

enum Density {
  Compact = 'compact',
  Regular = 'regular',
  Comfortable = 'comfortable',
}
```

| Property         | Type                       | Required | Default | Description                      |
| ---------------- | -------------------------- | -------- | ------- | -------------------------------- |
| density          | Return of useTableMeasures | ✅       | 🚫      | Density object                   |
| compactLabel     | string                     | ✅       | 🚫      | Label of the compact option      |
| regularLabel     | string                     | ✅       | 🚫      | Label of the regular option      |
| comfortableLabel | string                     | ✅       | 🚫      | Label of the comfortable option  |
| alignMenu        | Alignment                  | 🚫       | 🚫      | Menu alignment                   |
| handleCallback   | (density: Density) => void | 🚫       | 🚫      | Triggered on change density      |

> | disabeld         | boolean                    | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| disabled         | boolean                    | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |
```

##### Download

- Button to handle download or export actions.

| Property | Type       | Required | Default | Description                      |
| -------- | ---------- | -------- | ------- | -------------------------------- |
| onClick  | () => void | ✅       | 🚫      | Action on click button           |

> | label    | string     | 🚫       | 🚫      | Button text                      |

Reviewer 2: If its not required it should have a default, even it it is '', no?

Author: yep, nice catch

> | disabeld | boolean    | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| disabled | boolean    | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |
```

##### Upload

- Button to handle upload or import actions.

| Property | Type       | Required | Default | Description                      |
| -------- | ---------- | -------- | ------- | -------------------------------- |
| onClick  | () => void | ✅       | 🚫      | Action on click button           |
| label    | string     | 🚫       | 🚫      | Button text                      |

> | disabeld | boolean    | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| disabled | boolean    | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |
```

##### ExtraActions

- Button to perform extra actions.

```ts
enum Alignment {
  Left = 'left',
  Right = 'right',
}

type MenuAction = {
  label: string
  onClick: Function
  toggle?: {
    checked: boolean
    semantic: boolean
  }
  id?: number | string
}
```

| Property  | Type         | Required | Default | Description                      |
| --------- | ------------ | -------- | ------- | -------------------------------- |
| actions   | MenuAction[] | ✅       | 🚫      | Action on click button           |
| label     | string       | 🚫       | 🚫      | Button label                     |
| isLoading | boolean      | 🚫       | false   | If the button is loading or not  |

> | disabeld  | boolean      | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| disabled  | boolean      | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |
```

| alignMenu | Alignment    | 🚫       | 🚫      | Menu alignment                   |

##### NewLine

- A button that represents creational purposes.

```ts
type MenuAction = {
  label: string
  onClick: Function
  toggle?: {
    checked: boolean
    semantic: boolean
  }
  id?: number | string
}
```

| Property  | Type         | Required | Default | Description                      |
| --------- | ------------ | -------- | ------- | -------------------------------- |
| onClick   | () => void   | ✅       | 🚫      | Action on click button           |
| label     | string       | 🚫       | 🚫      | Button text                      |
| actions   | MenuAction[] | 🚫       | 🚫      | Action on click button           |
| isLoading | boolean      | 🚫       | false   | If the button is loading or not  |

> | disabeld  | boolean      | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| disabled  | boolean      | 🚫       | false   | If the button is disabled or not |
```

    label: 'More options',
    actions: [
      {
        label: 'An action',
        onClick: () => alert('An action'),
      },
      {
        label: 'Another action',
        onClick: () => alert('Another action'),
      },
      {
        label: 'A third action',
        onClick: () => alert('A third action'),
      },
    ],
  }

  const newLine = {
    label: 'New',
    onClick: () => alert('handle new line callback'),
    actions: [
      'General',
      'Desktop & Screen Saver',
      'Dock',
      'Language & Region',
    ].map(label => ({
      label,
      onClick: () => alert(`Clicked ${label}`),
    })),
  }

  const emptyState = {
    label: 'The table is empty',
  }

  const empty = React.useMemo(
    () =>
      state.displayItems.length === 0 ||
      Object.keys(visibility.visibleColumns).length === 0,
    [visibility.visibleColumns, state.displayItems]
  )

  return (
    <Table
      empty={empty}
      measures={measures}
      items={state.displayItems}
      columns={visibility.visibleColumns}
      emptyState={emptyState}>
      <Table.Toolbar>
        <Table.Toolbar.InputSearch {...inputSearch} />
        <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup>

>           <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup.Columns {...buttonColumns} />

Reviewer: If we click on the row it works, but if we click on the toggle it does not change the value.

Author: This is a bug of the component. Since this is a documentation PR, I'll do another fixing it.

          <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup.Density density={measures} {...density} />
          <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup.Download {...download} />
          <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup.Upload {...upload} />
          <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup.ExtraActions {...extraActions} />
          <Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup.NewLine {...newLine} />
        </Table.Toolbar.ButtonGroup>
      </Table.Toolbar>
    </Table>
  )
}
;<ToolbarExample />
```

## Totalizer

> This uses the Totalizer component between the toolbar and the table content. You can find the full specs on the Totalizer specific docs.

Reviewer: can we add a link at the totalizer specific docs?

Author: Yep, sure

  })

  return (
    <>
      <Table
        measures={measures}
        checkboxes={checkboxes}
        columns={columns}
        items={items}>
        <Table.Bulk active={checkboxes.someChecked}>
          <Table.Bulk.Actions>
            <Table.Bulk.Actions.Primary {...primaryAction} />
            <Table.Bulk.Actions.Secondary {...secondaryActions} />
          </Table.Bulk.Actions>
          <Table.Bulk.Tail>
            {!checkboxes.allChecked && (
              <Table.Bulk.Tail.Info>
                All rows selected: {checkboxes.checkedItems.length}
              </Table.Bulk.Tail.Info>
            )}
            <Table.Bulk.Tail.Toggle
              button={{
                text: `Select all ${items.length}`,
                onClick: checkboxes.checkAll,
              }}
              active={checkboxes.allChecked}>
              Selected rows: {items.length}
            </Table.Bulk.Tail.Toggle>
            <Table.Bulk.Tail.Dismiss onClick={checkboxes.uncheckAll} />
          </Table.Bulk.Tail>
        </Table.Bulk>
      </Table>
    </>
  )
}

;<BulkFullExample />
```

## Autocomplete, Filters & Pagination

> These components are grouped on one single example because they are often seen together on a real app. Each one has it's own documentation, so it's important to you check it out to see the full capabilities.

Reviewer: I think we don't need to expose that the real app is grouped by these components. If someone uses without one of them, the person building the app is working in a toy project? I think it is not true and can be a little arrogant. Let's avoid this! :D
